[phone ringing]
[MAFUYU] Osaka!
It's been such a long time!
Growing up, I never had
the chance to go to
the Namba Grand Kagetsu
before, much less Osaka!
And we owe this entire thing
to Hatsuna and Tomita.
We do still have to pay
for two additional tickets
as well as transportation
for all four of us though.
Then we owe them for
a fraction of this.
[laughs] You've got that right!
If you get a bento at the
station, it's gotta be shumai!
Yeah, but you're the
only one who has one.
I had to buy a regular
makunouchi combo,
since they sold out
of shumai ones.
[OGAWA]
That's not my problem.
What's with the attitude?
You could've put that
a different way.
Oh, excuse me, miss!
Could I get a beer, please?
[MATSUURA]
Want one?
[OGAWA]
Ice cream for me, please.
[MATSUURA] Ice cream?
But the stuff they sell...
Those two ladies.
Somehow, they seem
rather questionable.
[RIN]
Now then...
To get to the Namba
Grand Kagetsu...
I guess we'll be leaving
the directions to you, Rin.
It looks like they
don't have turtles here.
[MAFUYU]
Nayuta, let's go!
Is it this way?
Huh?
This coffee shop seems to
have a nice atmosphere!
[MAFUYU]
Fubuki, let's go!
I think it's probably this way.
[MAFUYU]
Huh?
Or I guess there's a
chance that it's this way.
[gasps]
[RIN]
One, please!
Delish!
Could I get a bite of that,
Rin? Just a little one?
We're in Sennichimae! All right!
We got a little lost on the way,
but somehow, we made it here.
Let us go forth! The comedy
holy land is calling us!
Huh?
All this walking
has me a bit worn out.
Then why don't we go drop off
our luggage at the hotel first?
Good idea.
All right, I wonder where
our hotel could be.
Somehow, I don't think
this looks right.
No, it doesn't.
This is really weird.
Are you certain you
can handle this, Rin?
What do you think these
titan-y things are?
It looks like they're a
monument or something.
I'll drive them all out!
Every last one of them?
[MANATSU, KANAE]
Hi there!
Illuminating your
hearts with the glare
of the midsummer sun,
it's Manatsu Kogarashi!
I'll show you the tundra
under the bright
glaring sun and make all
your dreams come true.
Kanae Kanari here!
[BOTH]
And together we're Tsundora!
Well, then let me
cut to the chase.
Sure.
This kind of elevator
is the pits!
What? Q-and-A improv?
Be careful of
the flooding doors.
Sounds like you'd get all wet.
You misspoke there!
You should've said,
"Be careful of the
shutting doors."
Though, if water really
did just keep on gushing
into an elevator, that
would be pretty scary.
It would be like the elevator of
terror inside a haunted house!
That didn't sound too bad!
But since the name of
your duo is Tsundora,
wouldn't it be a good idea
to have some routines
that play off that?
Off Tsundora?
Routines?
Well, I only thought of the name
because my sister's
duo name means
"endless summer," so "tundra"
kind of felt like it was
the opposite of that.
What?
[HARUNA, SHIHO]
Ohh... Oh, that's why.
We made it to the hotel!
Yeah, one way or the other.
I'm so glad we finally
managed to get here.
[FUBUKI exhales]
[RIN, MAFUYU]
Huh?
I hope it defecates
right from the source!
I think you mean emanates.
Don't be greedy. We're lucky
just to have a hot spring.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
[CLERK] We'll hold onto
your luggage, then.
I'll see you all later
Okay, ready to go?
[FUBUKI]
Yeah.
To the Namba Grand
Kagetsu we go!
[ALL gasping]
[FUBUKI]
This is ridiculous!
I could never finish
all of this on my own!
It's a feast of food
made of flour!
I think you might be able
to eat one of those, Rin.
There's no way. Stuff made
out of flour really expands
in your stomach, you know.
Goodness, this is questionable!
Hey! Quit playing around
with that, Nayuta!
It's embarrassing!
[laughs] I think that this is
probably an izakaya.
It looks like it's
only open at night.
[MAFUYU]
What did my 500 yen get me?
Hm...
Looky here!
[RIN]
Cut that out!
[MAFUYU]
Eh?
Okay.
So, what do I do with this now?
This moment we've been
waiting for is here!
Let us go forth!
The comedy holy land is
calling us all to its gates!
We've gotta buy
another two tickets
before we can go in there.
First things first.
I was able to get the
seats next to the other two.
That was lucky!
All right then,
where do you think the
entrance to the hall is?
Looks like it's on
the second floor.
The Namba Grand Kagetsu Theater
sure has spruced things up!
[MAFUYU]
They must've renovated.
The first act is supposed to
go on at six o'clock tonight.
We still have quite
a bit of time before
the start of the show.
What should we do?
Nobody can fight a war
on an empty stomach.
We should fuel up
before anything else!
Yeah, let's all go grab
something to eat!
I've gotten pretty hungry!
[RIN] The first stop is here,
Takoyaki Wanaka!
Since we finally
made it to Osaka,
we've gotta start with takoyaki!
I'll get the sampler!
How 'bout you?
I think I'll have the same.
Then I will, too.
And you're gonna get
the 12 piece, right, Rin?
Huh? Well, I guess so. Yeah.
I'm really starving!
If we're talking about takoyaki,
it's gotta be Wanaka!
[BOTH]
Huh?
Oh, excuse me, could
I get a beer?
[SERVER A]
Sure.
[OGAWA]
Ice cream for me, please.
[MATSUURA] Ice cream? They won't
have that at a takoyaki place.
[OGAWA]
Really?
Those two there. They were
on the train, right?
[MAFUYU]
What's this place?
[RIN] The go-to spot for
Yoshimoto performers
and employees!
I have to tell you that takoyaki
really whetted my appetite.
Huh?
This whets your appetite, right?
If we're talking about
Western-style food,
it's gotta be Katrine!
Oh, excuse me,
could I get a beer?
--[SERVER A] Sure thing!
--[MATSUURA] Want one?
[OGAWA]
Ice cream for me, please.
[MATSUURA] Not again with
the ordering ice cream thing!
Those ladies are
definitely questionable.
[MATSUURA]
Honestly...
[MAFUYU] We did come all
the way here to Namba.
You said it!
We did indeed!
It's a little bit
embarrassing, but sure.
[MAFUYU] We did come all
the way here to Dotombori.
[RIN]
You said it!
[NAYUTA]
We did indeed!
Sure, I think that's
a great idea!
That breeze feels wonderful.
I expected there to be more
people walking around here.
It looks like the whole
area got a makeover.
[MAFUYU]
Wow! Look, it's a tour boat!
Yeah, that's one from
the Tombori River Cruise.
Hey!
[grunts]
Those people totally ignored us.
They didn't seem very
keen on joining in.
I've got a question, do
people usually wave back
at you when they're
riding on boats?
--Yeah, they do.
--Totally.
Of course, they wave.
What?
This might be a good
time for a break.
Sure, why not?
That sounds great!
All right, a break it is!
[MAFUYU, NAYUTA sigh]
We really walked around a lot.
Hey, Fubuki do you mind?
No, of course not.
I didn't think you were
going to drink that much!
Here, Mafuyu.
Would you like a little
bit of my mango juice?
Thank you very much!
Take it easy.
If you get a stomachache,
don't come crying to me.
Do you wanna go ride that?
Whoa.
What a view.
It's stunning.
You can see all of
Osaka from up here.
We're goin' to make
the city of Osaka ours!
Uh-huh! Our comedy's definitely
gonna take the world by storm!
I can't wait!
It's time to shine!
It's time to shine! Yeah!
[GROUP laughing]
[MAN A]
The 6 PM show is about to begin!
Come on in and check it out!
[MAFUYU] Whoa! Lifesize cutouts
of all of the greats!
They're just enlarged photos,
but they've got a lot of punch!
Look at those eyes!
Well, since we're here...
Rin, Mafuyu, go ahead
and get into place.
I'm happy to take
a picture of you two.
Yeah! We've gotta do it!
You said it.
Ready? Say "cheese"!
[ERU, ARASHI]
Good morning, Ms. Matsuura!
Why, if it isn't Arashi
and Eru! Long time no see!
It really has been a while.
[ERU] Thanks in advanced
for all your help today.
You know, I hear that you two
have been pretty busy lately!
I wouldn't say that.
Except totally!
Hey, c'mon!
Well, today's another all-day
affair in front of a huge crowd.
[BOTH] Right. We'll be
watching closely and learning
all that we can.
Ha. You can follow me, ladies.
[GROUP gasping]
So, this is the
comedy holy land,
the stage at the
Namba Grand Kagetsu.
It feels like the audience's
seats are about to fall over.
It's because there
isn't much distance
between them and the stage.
And there's just one condenser
mic for all of this space.
It's incredible.
Everyone's packed in.
And the theater's
filled with excitement.
[RIN] Do they really perform
new comedy shows
on this stage every
day using just these
two speakers and five boom mics?
That's all they use?
No clip-on mics?
That's really impressive.
It looks like our seats are in
that section over there, Rin.
Wow. We're so close
to the stage!
We'll be able to see
the comedians' faces
really well from these seats!
The Namba Grand Kagetsu Theater
really is a shrine to comedy.
All comedians want
to be on this stage.
[gasps] It's starting!
[NAYUTA] Oh! It's those two.
They're the questionable pair
we saw on the train
and also in those
different restaurants
across Osaka!
Yeah.
Hi there!
We're Spike, and it's great
to be here with you all!
I know that this is kind
of out of nowhere,
but I've been really into
foreign romantic comedies
lately, 'specially
the ones in schools.
Whenever I watch them,
I always wish that I could be
the female love interest!
[OGAWA] Well, I'll let you
be one tonight.
--Oh, hi there!
--Hi!
Whoa, look at that, Betty!
There's a clam sitting
on top of your head!
Whoa! Really? Was that
there the whole time?
Am I clam chowder?
What was that?
I was just talking to myself.
Well, why don't you
have a seat here.
[fart sound]
Now who could've put
this whoopie cushion
down on Betty's chair?
I swear. It must've been a boy.
This has been going on
for half a year, too.
They've been doing it that long?
Pshew!
--Kersplash!
--What the--?
Uh, could you not splash
that clam chowder around?
Hey. Are you bullying me?
And what's up with
all the clam chowder?
This stuff is burning me!
[ALL laughing]
[OGAWA]
Who shot Betty with that pistol?
[MATSUURA]
So, I'm dead now?
[OGAWA]
Could you guys cut that out?
[MATSUURA] That's enough!
[BOTH] Thank you,
you've been a great crowd!
I didn't have the slightest idea
that those two were comedians!
It's no wonder!
What do you mean,
"It's no wonder?"
Still, who would've
ever thought it?
We probably should have asked
them for their autographs.
They were pretty funny,
weren't they?
Woman Rush Hour here.
Nice to be here.
Yeah, nice to be here,
nice to be here.
Looking out at the crowd
we've got here tonight,
I'd say that there's about,
let's see, let's see.
Uhhh, about 80% of
the seats filled,
so we'll try to be
around 80% funny.
Hey, let's give them
all our funny.
[MURAMOTO]
We're NSC grads.
That's Yoshimoto's
comedy school.
[MURAMOTO] But not everyone
goes pro after they graduate,
only the small handful
of people who stick it out
through a lot of tough auditions
make it big in the end!
Even if you do go pro, you
can't eat. If you want to,
you have to enter the
Manzai, King of Conte,
the M1 Grand Prix tournaments,
but the only handful
who reach the finals
in those tournaments
can earn enough to eat.
And even if you do,
you can't win.
Only a handful of
those who reach
the finals can do that.
And out of that handful
of finalists,
can you all guess just
how many can perform
on this stage? A handful.
And we're a real handful.
Thank you very much, folks.
But that's okay, it's something
we can brag about, right?
Now that's what
I call rapid fire.
I've never heard
anyone talk so fast.
[MURAMOTO]
I just like it. That's all.
Thanks, everybody,
you've been a great crowd!
[NAYUTA]
His memory must be incredible.
I'd never be able to
remember that many lines.
[RIN]
Yeah. That was amazing.
[applause]
Hello, everyone, we're Teeup.
Hope y'all having a good time.
[MAEDA]
We're happy to be here!
Huh? I think I know them.
Okay, here goes!
[imitating engine]
And what part of that
was supposed to be fun?
This is some classic
two-person comedic banter.
That gravelly voice
has so much character!
It sure does. It's peculiar,
but it's really funny!
[AUDIENCE laughing]
Transform!
[BOTH grunt]
Hey, hang on there.
Just now d'you fly?
Little bit.
[HASEGAWA] I'm impressed.
Well, let's try this again.
Here goes:
One, two, transform! Hah!
--[MAFUYU] I'm positive.
--Hang on!
[MAEDA]
Huh?
They're the ones that I saw.
[HASEGAWA]
Forget this!
Thank you very much!
[NAYUTA] Having the chance
to see live comedy
really is a wonderful thing!
[RIN] I hope that we'll get
the chance to be up there
on that stage someday!
They were the duo I saw
when I was just a kid.
Yeah.
There's no mistake.
It had to be Teeup back then!
Hey, Fubuki! Is there
something wrong?
[FUBUKI]
Oh, no. Honestly, it's nothing.
Hey, what's wrong?
Pancreas acting up again?
Who you think you're talking to?
That isn't it.
Too bad those two little
sweethearts had to leave
the show early, I was hoping
we'd see them again.
[BOTH gasping]
Yeah!
Mafuyu, hold on!
It's like she's a little kid,
so immature.
Wait for me!
Uh. Come on not you, too.
[FUBUKI laughs]
[FUBUKI]
We should go in.
[RIN] I don't believe them.
This might be good.
There's a lot in here, and it
looks like it's a safe bet.
Oh, those look like
they're really good!
I'll get this for me then.
This might be a good
place to do it.
[NAYUTA]
Do what?
[MAFUYU yelps]
You scared me!
So sorry about that. So?
Oh, right. To do our live show.
I'd love to do it here!
That'd be fun!
But if I could change
the subject.
There's a comedian photo-sticker
booth over there.
Want to try it out?
[MAFUYU]
Whoa, photo stickers? I'm in!
Now this might be good.
There's a lot in here, and
it looks like a safe bet.
Oh, those look like
they're really good!
[RIN grunts]
I'll get this for me then.
I don't see Mafuyu.
Where'd she run off to?
Just leave her alone.
She'll show her face
somewhere down the line.
[NAYUTA]
That's kind of questionable.
[MAFUYU] What's going in this
picture? It's too funny!
I don't believe them.
It's like they're both little
kids, they're so immature.
[NAYUTA]
Oh, you're here, Rin!
You're welcome to
join us if you'd like.
Fubuki, you too! Come in!
It isn't like I'm in
high school anymore,
like I'd wanna pose
for photo stickers.
Heh!
Okay, here goes!
We sure did take a lot, huh?
And made faces in every one.
There's nothing wrong with us
acting like comedians.
That's true!
Especially in this photo here.
Hey, give me that one!
I don't think so!
We should've been
buying everyone souvenirs,
but we only bought
things for ourselves.
I'm starving now.
Well, we did burn a ton
of mental calories
shopping for this stuff.
Why don't we eat at that place?
[NAYUTA]
Ah, that looks good!
I wouldn't mind it
if we ate there!
Okay, Mafuyu,
go score us some seats!
I've got it covered!
[RIN]
Nikusui is an Osaka specialty!
This place is known for it.
Apparently, it's a dish
that's supposed to go
extremely well with
raw egg on rice.
Oh, are you ready
for our orders?
[SERVER A]
Sure, go ahead.
Could I get a nikusui
and a raw egg on rice?
Me, too, but a large.
I'll have the udon
with cracklings.
And you Fubuki?
Oh, sorry about that!
I think that I'll have
the curry udon
with cracklings, please.
Got it, be right back.
If we're talking about Nikusui,
it's gotta be Chitose!
Let's see now:
two orders of nikusui
and egg on rice.
Oh, no egg on rice
for me, actually.
What? But I already paid for it!
It's too much for me to eat.
[SERVER A]
Who had the large order?
[RIN grunts]
I accidentally bought two,
so you can have one.
The ticket isn't fresh,
but the egg sure is.
Oh, uh, thank you
so much for this.
Oh, excuse me, could I
get a beer please?
They're the same ones who
were on stage today, right?
We've seen them all over.
Ever since we got
on the Shinkansen.
It feels like this is
some strange twist of fate!
What? Is that right?
The two of them sure have
loud voices, don't they?
And they've got so
much stage presence!
Well, that's the holy land, it's
a city made for food lovers!
Osaka is so awesome!
So is Namba!
I honestly couldn't
eat another bite.
My belly's practically bulging.
So that's nikusui.
It seemed more like a drink
than anything else, huh?
Those two ladies were Matsuura
and Ogawa of Spike, right?
Yeah, from what I just read,
it seems like they usually
perform in Tokyo.
Huh?
Today sure was
a whole lot of fun!
It really was. We definitely
made every moment count.
There's still tomorrow, too.
Let's be sure we
get plenty of rest.
There's an open-air bath,
too. We can really relax.
All right! And when we get back
to Tokyo, let's work hard!
Okay, okay! Just cover up
already, will ya?
[MAFUYU] Oh, I need to use the
ladies' room, so pardon me.
I've got urinalysis issues.
You mean urination.
Goodness, I think I
forgot to wash up first.
Don't forget that!
Do things right!
[FUBUKI chuckles]
[NAYUTA]
Ah, this feels lovely.
Open-air baths
really are the greatest.
--[MAFUYU] Take this!
--[RIN] That's freezing!
[NAYUTA] ♪ As the mist rolls
in the city ♪
♪ wakes up to the
morning rays. ♪
♪ Keep your fancy words, ♪
♪ there are no poems
or anything to say. ♪
♪ As I lie here sleepless
as my heart races away. ♪
♪ I can feel it. Something's
happening on this day. ♪
C'mon now, big daddy!
Who says that?
♪ There will come
a time to face ♪
♪ giant surging waves
with no end. ♪
♪ Is your dream still safe? ♪
♪ Are you still hiding it away
from sight, my friend? ♪
♪ As you rush across the station
platform, for a train. ♪
♪ Hold your head up high,
you've got to shake away ♪
♪ the cowardice and pain. ♪
[RIN, MAFUYU]
Eh?
[NAYUTA] ♪ While I've
gone far and wide ♪
♪ with those same feelings
and those fears. ♪
♪ Despite the sorrow, my sadness
didn't turn into tears. ♪
♪ A soldier who has
silence as a shield. ♪
♪ The mic my only friend and
the stage is my battlefield. ♪
[NAYUTA]
What's next on Maesetsu?
[FUBUKI]
"Excitement"!
[GROUP]
Don't miss it!